# Case Study: Blockchain Australia
## What Is It

Blockchain Australia is a Melbourne-based FinTech company that uses Polygon (previously Matic) network to build blockchain solutions for a variety of industries.

BA offer a bespoke Security Token Offerings (STO) platform that are a blockchain-tokenised asset that denotes a portion of ownership in the resource, object, asset, or company which they represent. STOs are considered as an official investment contract—but instead of having a traditional digital certificate, the investment contract is recorded on a blockchain network, and issued as a security token offering. 



So they’re essentially a share in the business, built and traded on a blockchain network.

An STO exchange platform is the medium through which your STO gets managed, traded, and exchanged.




## Why This Matters

Security token offerings are ground-breaking in the cryptocurrency sphere, as they provide investors with tangible legal contracts and rights, while functioning as real financial products.

An STO acts as a safe, secure way to gain investment interest and raise capital for businesses. Think of it as a digital-savvy alternative to private equity, one that exists in a secure, decentralised system. And as the tokens generated by an STO represent regulated financial products, they’re supported by the revenue and assets of the token-holder, giving investors more confidence than ever before.

## Why This May be Interesting
Security token offering platforms can be used in a wide range of industries and applications including: 

* ### Art 
    Art tokenisation is changing the nature of art investment. Tokenisation allows platforms like galleries, or the artists themselves, to offer token-based ownership on works of art. These tokens act as shares, or portions of ownership of the artwork, which can then change in value as the artwork does.

* ### Mining
    New mining ventures are primed for tokenisation. Mining companies looking to raise capital for their new ventures can develop an STO based on the future potential of their mine, which opens up the gates for many more investors to get on board. This opens up a new digital future of commodities trading.

* ### Investment
    STO is bringing more power into the hands of investors. Tokenisation of investments gives users more autonomy, and enables them to manage their investment funds in a more efficient way. By bypassing the traditional intermediaries involved, STO adds a greater element of liquidity to investments.

* ### Real estate
    The tokenisation of assets has been a game-changer for the real estate industry. It enables real estate assets to be divided into tokenised portions, removing the traditionally high barriers to entry, and allowing more investors to come on board. Tokens can be traded directly between investors, cutting out the middleman, and streamlining the process.

* ### Stablecoins
    Stablecoins are cryptocurrencies whose value is derived from stable assets, like gold or currencies, rather than fiat money. The stablecoin then locks in the price of the currency, meaning it avoids the volatility of the market, and increases stability of the coin. Stablecoin has the potential to create official currency-backed STOs. Blockchain Australia™ are currently in the process of proposing Australia’s first stablecoin—so watch this space.

* ### Antiques
    Security token offerings bring a breath of fresh air to the world of antiques. The tokenisation of antique items allows for fractional ownership, enabling token-holders to diversify their investment prospects, and empowering more investors to come on board where traditionally they wouldn’t be able to. It also allows for direction transactions between investors, rather than going through an intermediary.


## Resources
[bestinau.com.au](https://bestinau.com.au/blockchain-companies/)

[Blockchain Australia website](https://blockchainaustralia.com.au/)

